README.md, before:

# Qt Practice

[C++](#C++) | [Qml](#Qml)

## C++ [Top](#Qt-Practice)

### 1. Equation Calculator - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-Calculator)

![EquationCalculator](screenshotCalculator.png)

### 2. Simple ToDo - [source coude](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TODOlist)

![ToDo](screenshotToDo.png)

### 3. Simple Clipboard Manager - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleClipboard)

![SCM](screenshotSimpleClipboard.png)

### 4. Simple StopWatch - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleStopWatch)

![SSW](screenshotSimpleStopWatch.png)

### 5. TicTacToe (not completed) - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TicTacToe)

![TTT](screenshotTictactoe.png)

### 6. Simple TCP Chat Server - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TCPchatServer)

![STCS](screenshotServer.png)

### 7. Simple TCP Chat Client - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TCPchatClient)

![STCC](screenshotClient.png)

### 8. Simple Screen Capture(image) - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleScreenCapture)

![SSCI](screenshotSimpleScreenshot.png)

### 9. Simple Folder Browser - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-FolderBrowser)

![SFB](screenshotSimpleFolderBrowser.png)

### 10. Simple Todo - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-Todo)

![STD](screenshotSimpleTodo.png)

## Qml [Top](#Qt-Practice)

### 1. Simple Square meter calculator - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/QMLsimpleSquareCalculator)

![SSC](screenshotSquareCalculator.png)

Commit message:

finished the converter and added it to readme

README.md, after:

# Qt Practice

[C++](#C++) | [Qml](#Qml)

## C++ <sup>[... to top](#Qt-Practice)</sup>

### 1. Equation Calculator - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-Calculator)

![EquationCalculator](screenshotCalculator.png)

### 2. Simple ToDo - [source coude](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TODOlist)

![ToDo](screenshotToDo.png)

### 3. Simple Clipboard Manager - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleClipboard)

![SCM](screenshotSimpleClipboard.png)

### 4. Simple StopWatch - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleStopWatch)

![SSW](screenshotSimpleStopWatch.png)

### 5. TicTacToe (not completed) - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TicTacToe)

![TTT](screenshotTictactoe.png)

### 6. Simple TCP Chat Server - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TCPchatServer)

![STCS](screenshotServer.png)

### 7. Simple TCP Chat Client - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-TCPchatClient)

![STCC](screenshotClient.png)

### 8. Simple Screen Capture(image) - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-SimpleScreenCapture)

![SSCI](screenshotSimpleScreenshot.png)

### 9. Simple Folder Browser - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-FolderBrowser)

![SFB](screenshotSimpleFolderBrowser.png)

### 10. Simple Todo - [source](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/CPPWidgets-Todo)

![STD](screenshotSimpleTodo.png)

## Qml <sup>[... to top](#Qt-Practice)</sup>

### 1. Simple Square meter calculator - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/QMLsimpleSquareCalculator)

![SSC](screenshotSquareCalculator.png)

### 2. Simple Inches to Feet Converter - [source code](https://github.com/kronosGR/QTpractice/tree/main/QMLFeetInchesConverter)

![SITFC](screenshotInchesFeetConverter.png)
